Core java question - 
Who developed Java in which year? - Java was created at Sun Microsystems, Inc., where James Gosling - 1991 - (acquired by Oracle)
What is Class and objects.
OOPs concepts.
what is wait notify and notifyall,yield and join difference in java
what is final,finally,finalize
method available in object class.
access specifers of method and class.
why thread method in object class, thread methods and their specifaction.
how many ways we can create thread. how many times we can call start on single object. - single time
Why we use String, Stringbuffer, StringBuilder - in which memory string will store in jvm.
Naming Conventions of the class.
can we use synchronized, static under method. - yes
Design pattern - creational(singlton,factory),behavioural,structural.
How many ways we can create thread.
How to maintain thread concurrency in java
what is object lock in java
How to avoid something from serailization. - The transient keyword in Java
In Java we use object by value or reference. - call by value only(This will work only for primitive type),pass by reference
throws vs throw.
why do we use primitive type if we have wrapper in java.
what is checked and unchecked exception in java.
what are the java 7 features - Binary Literals, Strings in switch Statements,The try-with-resources Statement.
what are the java 8 features - Lambda expressions, Method references,Functional interfaces,Stream API,Optional class,Collectors class,ForEach() method
try-with-resources in java - 
null is object or string in java - The Java programming language distinguishes between null and empty strings. An empty string is a string instance of zero length, whereas a null string has no value at all. An empty string is represented as "" . It is a character sequence of zero characters.
Autoboxing and unboaxing
call by value or reference



Java 8 questions - 
Java 8 features - lambda, stream, functional interface.
Streams - squentional stream, parallel stream.
Optional class in java 8 - Java 8 has introduced a new class Optional in java. util package. It can help in writing a neat code without using too many null checks. By using Optional, we can specify alternate values to return or alternate code to run


Springboot question - 
What is IOC
what is dependency injection.
What is @SptringbootApplication, @autowried, @repository, @service, @component
@Controller vs @RestController
@Component vs @bean
@controlleradvice
@circuitbreaker
How we can run Springboot jar via CLI - java -jar jarname
The @ControllerAdvice is an annotation, to handle the exceptions globally.
The @ExceptionHandler is an annotation used to handle the specific exceptions and sending the custom responses to the client.

Database question - 
JpaRepository extends PagingAndSortingRepository which in turn extends CrudRepository.



Linux,Jenkins,Github,Postman question- 



